docs: Proofreading + general improvements (#26442)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/key-concepts/how-renovate-works.md

Renovate uses these modules in order:

1. The platform module interacts with the source control platform and clones the repository

> 2. The manager module looks for files based on their name and extracts the dependencies (each dependency has a datasource)
> 3. The datasource module looks up versions of the dependency
> 4. The versioning module validates and sorts the returned versions

Author: ```suggestion
1. The manager module looks for files based on their name and extracts the dependencies (each dependency has a datasource)
1. The datasource module looks up versions of the dependency
1. The versioning module validates and sorts the returned versions
```
